SCOPE: artifacts/soccerwatch/src/pages/home.tsx ONLY.

Do not modify any other page, any asset, the admin panel, any API route, the
database, or any schema. Do not add or remove any image file.

--- STEP 1: REORDER THE POSTS ---

In the `newsPosts` array, move the SECOND post — the one tagged CLIPS / مقاطع,
titled "Cut your own highlights in seconds" / "اقتطع لقطاتك المميزة في ثوانٍ" —
so it becomes the LAST post in the array.

The resulting display order must be:
  1. FEATURE / ميزة      — "Every match you play, recorded and ready"
  2. ACADEMIES / أكاديميات — "Parents can watch from anywhere"
  3. FIELDS / ملاعب       — "More pitches joining across Amman"
  4. CLIPS / مقاطع        — "Cut your own highlights in seconds"

Move the entire post object intact. Every field travels with it unchanged: its
tag, title, excerpt, body, facts, image, and both the en and ar values of each.
Do not rewrite, retype, or re-translate any string while moving it — cut and
paste the object as it is.

Each post keeps its own image. The CLIPS post keeps the phone image it
currently uses; it must not swap images with any other post.

--- STEP 2: KEEP THE DATES IN DESCENDING ORDER ---

The posts carry hardcoded dates. After the reorder they would read 28 JUL,
21 JUL, 18 JUL, 24 JUL — out of sequence.

Swap ONLY the date and readTime values between the CLIPS post and the FIELDS
post, in BOTH languages, so the feed reads newest to oldest:

  CLIPS post becomes:
      date:     en "18 JUL"        ar "١٨ تموز"
      readTime: en "2 MIN READ"    ar "قراءة دقيقتين"

  FIELDS post becomes:
      date:     en "24 JUL"        ar "٢٤ تموز"
      readTime: en "2 MIN READ"    ar "قراءة دقيقتين"

Change nothing else about either post.

--- STEP 3: CHECK THE `id` FIELDS ---

Each post has an `id` used as a React key and by the expand/collapse logic. Do
NOT renumber the ids to match the new order — leave each post's original id
attached to that post. Renumbering would break which card is currently
expanded. Confirm all four ids remain unique.

--- MUST NOT CHANGE ---

Any post text, title, excerpt, body paragraph or fact chip in either language.
The bilingual en/ar structure. The tag chips. The unicode-bidi isolation on the
date line. The card layout, sizing, radius, spacing, object-cover, gradient
overlay, the field-pattern placeholder, or the onError fallback. The
expand/collapse behaviour or one-open-at-a-time logic. Any query, handler or
route.

--- VERIFY ---

Open /home in the preview and confirm:
  - the order is FEATURE, ACADEMIES, FIELDS, CLIPS from top to bottom
  - each post still shows its own correct image
  - dates read 28, 21, 18 in the first three and 24 on the last... no — confirm
    they read 28 JUL, 21 JUL, 18 JUL, 24 JUL is WRONG. They must read
    28 JUL, 21 JUL, 18 JUL descending is also wrong. The correct expected
    result after the swap is: 28 JUL, 21 JUL, 24 JUL, 18 JUL — verify instead
    that dates descend down the page and report the four dates you actually see
  - the page renders in BOTH English and Arabic with no runtime error
  - cards still expand, one at a time, and the correct card opens when tapped

A passing build is NOT sufficient — open the page.

Show me the diff.