SCOPE: exactly TWO things:
  1. artifacts/soccerwatch/src/pages/login.tsx — full content replacement
  2. adding ONE image file to the project's static assets

Do not modify layout.tsx, index.css, App.tsx, the i18n strings file, the Clerk
appearance config, or any other page. This page is a standalone unauthenticated
route with its own header and its own language switcher — it does not share
the app shell used by other pages, so nothing outside this route can be
affected by this change.

--- WHAT EACH ATTACHMENT IS FOR ---

The photo of a floodlit pitch at night is the REQUIRED hero background image.

"Landing_page_UI.png", "Landing_page_UI.pdf", and "Replay_Landing_dc.html" are
THE SAME TARGET DESIGN in three different formats — a screenshot, a PDF, and
the original design-tool markup — provided together so you have multiple
references to cross-check against. Match their layout, spacing, colours and
section order closely.

The .html file is reference-only for exact values (colours, spacing, copy).
Its markup — tags like <sc-if>, {{ }} placeholders, "class Component extends
DCLogic" — is a different templating format from a separate design tool, NOT
React or valid code. Do not copy any of its syntax into the project; read it
only for the values it contains.

A screenshot showing an Arabic hero with just three buttons is OUR CURRENT,
OLD landing page, shown for contrast only. It is NOT a target — we do not have
an Arabic mockup of the new design. Build the Arabic version using the exact
copy block below and correct RTL mirroring of the English layout.

Every colour, font, spacing value and word of copy actually needed is written
out explicitly below. The attachments corroborate it; they are not the only
source of it.

--- STEP 1: ADD THE HERO IMAGE ---

Add the attached photo to artifacts/soccerwatch/src/assets/, the same folder
already used for other imported images in this project. Name it
hero-floodlit-pitch.png. Confirm the copied file's checksum matches the upload.

--- STEP 2: REPLACE login.tsx CONTENT ---

Preserve from the CURRENT file:
  - The existing Sign In, Create Account and Browse as Guest handlers, exactly
    as wired today — same functions, same routes, same guest-login behaviour.
  - The existing redirect for an already-authenticated user to /home.
  - The existing language-switching mechanism (the same hook/pattern already
    used elsewhere in this file).
  - The existing LogoMark component/SVG — reuse it exactly as it exists in
    layout.tsx or in this file. Do not redraw the logo.

Build the page with these sections, in this order:

1) STICKY HEADER
   Logo mark + "REPLAY" wordmark in the display font, weight 700, filled with
   linear-gradient(90deg, #2FD8C4, #7B5CFF) via background-clip: text, colour
   transparent. On the trailing side, a pill language button
   (rgba(255,255,255,.09) background, no border, globe icon + current
   language code) wired to the existing language switcher.

2) HERO — fills the first screen
   hero-floodlit-pitch.png as a full-bleed background, object-cover, with a
   top-to-bottom dark gradient overlay
   (rgba(11,15,26,.55) → rgba(11,15,26,.25) → rgba(11,15,26,.55) → rgba(11,15,26,.97))
   plus a soft radial teal glow at the bottom
   (radial-gradient(90% 50% at 50% 100%, rgba(47,216,196,.14), transparent 60%)).
   Two-line display headline, line one white, line two in primary (#D4FF4F).
   One subtitle line. The three existing buttons: primary lime with DARK
   (#0B0F1A) text, secondary bordered/translucent with light text, and a plain
   muted text link, separated by an "or" divider. A small bouncing
   chevron-down scroll cue beneath them that fades out once the user scrolls.

3) HOW IT WORKS
   Small uppercase lime eyebrow pill, then a heading. Three cards in a column,
   each with: a large ghosted number (118px, ~7-8% opacity in the section's
   accent colour) bleeding behind the top-right of the card; a small icon tile
   (38px, rounded, tinted background) plus a bold step title; a "STEP 0N" pill
   above them; three checkmarked bullet lines below. A different accent per
   step — lime, teal, violet — for the tile, pill and checkmarks. Reveal each
   card with a fade-up on scroll using this project's EXISTING framer-motion
   whileInView pattern, already used elsewhere in this codebase — do not write
   a manual IntersectionObserver.

4) ABOUT US
   Violet eyebrow pill, heading, then a small lime "First in Jordan" badge
   with a flag icon and a soft glow, then two short paragraphs.

5) CONTACT
   Teal eyebrow pill, heading, then a single card (soft teal-to-violet
   gradient background, bordered, centred) containing an icon, one line of
   supporting text, and a full-width primary button reading "Get in touch".
   This button remains INTENTIONALLY NON-FUNCTIONAL — no href, no onClick, no
   handler.

6) FAQ
   Heading, then an accordion of 5 items, each a bordered card with a
   plus/minus toggle. Only one open at a time; the first item open by default.

7) FOOTER
   Small logo + gradient wordmark, one muted description line, the Sign In /
   Create Account actions repeated as plain text links, and "Amman, Jordan".

Use this EXACT bilingual copy — do not rewrite, retranslate, or paraphrase any
of it:

ENGLISH
  heroLine1: "Every match you play,"   heroLine2: "already recorded."
  heroSub: "Minutes after the final whistle, it's in the app — ready to watch, clip and share."
  eyebrowHow: "How it works"   howTitle: "From kickoff to highlight reel"   stepLabel: "Step"
  Step 1 — "Play": "Book a partner pitch and play your match." / "Cameras are already mounted and recording." / "Nothing to set up, nothing to press."
  Step 2 — "Watch": "Open the app and pick your pitch and date." / "Every recorded hour is ready minutes after the final whistle." / "Academy sessions also stream live for family watching from anywhere."
  Step 3 — "Clip & Share": "Scrub to the moment that matters." / "Trim, pan and zoom right on your phone." / "Download the clip or share it instantly."
  eyebrowAbout: "About us"   aboutTitle: "The first of its kind in Jordan"   firstBadge: "First in Jordan"
  aboutP1: "Replay is the first platform in Jordan to bring automatic full-match recording to the pitch — every session captured start to finish, with the footage placed directly in players' hands."
  aboutP2: "It started with a single field in Amman. New pitches and academies are joining the network every month."
  eyebrowContact: "Talk to us"   contactTitle: "Got a pitch or academy in mind?"
  contactSub: "We're always looking for new partner pitches and academies across Amman."   getInTouch: "Get in touch"
  faqTitle: "FAQ"
  FAQ 1: "Do I need to set anything up?" — "No — cameras are already installed and always recording at partner pitches."
  FAQ 2: "How soon can I watch after the match?" — "Minutes after the final whistle."
  FAQ 3: "Can I download my clips?" — "Yes — trim the moment you want and download it as a normal video file."
  FAQ 4: "Can my family watch live?" — "Academy sessions stream live right in the app."
  FAQ 5: "Which pitches are covered?" — "Partner pitches across Amman, with new ones joining every month."
  footerDesc: "Automatic match recording for football pitches and academies across Amman."   footer: "Amman, Jordan"

ARABIC
  heroLine1: "كل مباراة تلعبها،"   heroLine2: "مسجّلة أصلاً."
  heroSub: "دقائق بعد صافرة النهاية، تكون في التطبيق — جاهزة للمشاهدة والقص والمشاركة."
  eyebrowHow: "كيف تعمل"   howTitle: "من الانطلاقة حتى أفضل اللقطات"   stepLabel: "الخطوة"
  الخطوة ١ "العب": "احجز ملعبًا شريكًا واستمتع بمباراتك." / "الكاميرات مثبّتة ومسجّلة مسبقًا." / "بلا إعداد وبلا أي ضغط على زر."
  الخطوة ٢ "شاهد": "افتح التطبيق واختر ملعبك وتاريخك." / "كل ساعة مسجّلة تكون جاهزة دقائق بعد صافرة النهاية." / "جلسات الأكاديميات تُبث مباشرة أيضًا لمتابعة العائلة من أي مكان."
  الخطوة ٣ "قص وشارك": "انتقل مباشرة إلى اللحظة المهمة." / "قصّ وحرّك وقرّب المشهد من هاتفك." / "نزّل المقطع أو شاركه فورًا."
  eyebrowAbout: "من نحن"   aboutTitle: "الأول من نوعه في الأردن"   firstBadge: "الأول في الأردن"
  aboutP1: "Replay هو أول منصة في الأردن تُدخل التسجيل التلقائي الكامل للمباريات إلى الملعب — كل جلسة تُسجَّل من البداية للنهاية، واللقطات تصل مباشرة إلى اللاعبين."
  aboutP2: "بدأت الرحلة بملعب واحد في عمّان، وتنضم ملاعب وأكاديميات جديدة إلى الشبكة كل شهر."
  eyebrowContact: "تواصل معنا"   contactTitle: "هل لديك ملعب أو أكاديمية؟"
  contactSub: "نبحث دائمًا عن ملاعب وأكاديميات شريكة جديدة في عمّان."   getInTouch: "تواصل معنا"
  faqTitle: "الأسئلة الشائعة"
  FAQ 1: "هل أحتاج لإعداد أي شيء؟" — "لا — الكاميرات مثبّتة ومسجّلة دائمًا في الملاعب الشريكة."
  FAQ 2: "بعد كم تصبح المباراة جاهزة للمشاهدة؟" — "بعد دقائق من صافرة النهاية."
  FAQ 3: "هل يمكنني تنزيل مقاطعي؟" — "نعم — قصّ اللحظة التي تريدها ونزّلها كملف فيديو عادي."
  FAQ 4: "هل تستطيع عائلتي المتابعة مباشرة؟" — "جلسات الأكاديميات تُبث مباشرة داخل التطبيق."
  FAQ 5: "أي الملاعب مغطاة؟" — "الملاعب الشريكة في عمّان، وينضم إليها ملاعب جديدة كل شهر."
  footerDesc: "تسجيل تلقائي للمباريات في ملاعب وأكاديميات عمّان."   footer: "عمّان، الأردن"

Store this as a local bilingual object inside login.tsx and select by the
existing locale variable — the same inline pattern already used in home.tsx.
Do NOT add any key to the i18n strings file and do not edit that file.

--- CRITICAL: RECURRING BUGS IN THIS PROJECT — CHECK EACH ONE ---

1. SCROLL: this page must scroll normally as a full page (it is not inside the
   app's fixed-height shell). Do not apply flex-1/min-h-0/overflow-hidden
   patterns meant for the authenticated shell — this route needs ordinary
   document scrolling.
2. DARK TEXT ON LIME: every button with a lime/primary background must use
   dark (#0B0F1A) text, never white. This has been the single most common
   mistake in this project.
3. RTL: use logical properties (start/end, ms/me, ps/pe) throughout. Never
   pair a logical inset with a physical transform — this has broken centring
   twice before in this project.
4. The hero image must use object-cover with no distortion or letterboxing.
5. Bidirectional text: if any digits appear inside Arabic text (step numbers),
   isolate them the same way the existing date line in home.tsx already does,
   so numbers don't reorder.

--- CONSTRAINTS ---

Do not modify any API call, database schema, query, or route. Do not add,
rename, or drop any database column. Do not install any package. Do not touch
the Clerk appearance config. Do not add any translation key to the shared
i18n file.

--- VERIFY ---

Open the landing page in the preview and confirm:
  - it renders and scrolls correctly in BOTH English and Arabic, no runtime error
  - all three buttons work — Sign In, Create Account, Browse as Guest
  - the hero photo displays with no distortion
  - every primary button shows dark text, never white
  - the FAQ accordion opens and closes correctly, one at a time
  - the "Get in touch" button does nothing when tapped, by design
  - already-authenticated users still redirect to /home

A passing build is NOT sufficient — this project has already shipped a crash
that passed the build. Open the page in both languages before reporting done.

Show me the complete diff of login.tsx.